{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green21\blue22;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10588\c10980\c11373;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Page 18: Resources - For Developers & Platforms
\f1\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 [Hero Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Headline:
\f3\b0  Build on the Operating System for the Agentic Era
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  Integrate your agents and platforms with Elevation AI to gain access to a high-value customer base and participate in a thriving, collaborative ecosystem.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 [Why Integrate with Elevation AI? Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Headline:
\f3\b0  We Handle the Integration, You Focus on Innovation
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Elevation AI is the essential middleware layer for the agentic era. By integrating with our platform, you gain instant, secure access to our entire network of enterprise and private market clients. We handle the complexities of security, data integration, and the client relationship, allowing you to focus on what you do best: building world-class agents and agentic tools.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 [How It Works: Our Credit-Based Economy Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Headline:
\f3\b0  A Clear Path to Revenue
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Our business model is designed to support our ecosystem partners. We believe that by empowering our partners, we strengthen the entire ecosystem.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Clients Receive Credits:
\f3\b0  Our clients subscribe to packages that include a monthly allotment of credits, which they can use for any resource in our ecosystem.
\f4 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2. Your Agent is Discoverable:
\f3\b0  Your agent or tool is listed in our central 
\f0\b Library
\f3\b0 . Any agent available through standard protocols (like A2A or MCP) can be discovered and integrated.
\f4 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 3. Clients Deploy Your Agent:
\f3\b0  When a client uses their credits to deploy your agent in one of their workflows, you get paid. These credits translate directly into revenue for you.
\f4 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 [Our Commitment to the Ecosystem Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Headline:
\f3\b0  Let's Build the Future, Together
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 We believe that the future of agentic AI is not a walled garden, but a vibrant, open ecosystem. We are committed to fostering a community where the best ideas can be discovered, deployed, and monetized. By building on Elevation AI, you are not just integrating with a platform; you are joining a movement to build the agentic future.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 CTA:
\f3\b0  Apply to Our Developer Program}