{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green21\blue22;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10588\c10980\c11373;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Partners
\f1\fs28 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 [Hero Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Headline:
\f3\b0  Partner with Elevation AI
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  Join our ecosystem of trusted ambassadors, consulting firms, and experts to help bring the power of agentic AI to businesses everywhere.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 [For Ambassadors Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Headline:
\f3\b0  Become an Ambassador
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Content:
\f3\b0  Our Ambassador program is for well-connected leaders who can provide warm introductions to their network. We believe that the best partnerships start with trust, and we value your ability to open the right doors. In return, we offer a generous referral program and the opportunity to be at the center of the agentic AI ecosystem.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 CTA:
\f3\b0  Inquire About Our Ambassador Program
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 [For Consulting Firms & Experts Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Headline:
\f3\b0  Join Our Partner Network
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 Content:
\f3\b0  We are building a network of specialized consulting firms and individual experts who natively use our platform to serve their clients and extend their own capabilities. By partnering with us, you can:
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Deliver AI-Powered Solutions:
\f3\b0  Use our platform as the agentic backbone to build and deliver scalable, high-margin solutions for your clients.
\f4 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Seamlessly Embed with Clients:
\f3\b0  Collaborate directly within your clients' workspaces, giving you an unprecedented level of integration and partnership.
\f4 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Extend Your Capacity:
\f3\b0  Leverage our library of agents and tools to augment your own expertise and take on more complex challenges.
\f4 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 CTA:
\f3\b0  Apply to Our Partner Network
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \strokec3 \
}