{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 People - Concierge Support
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 [Hero Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Your Dedicated Team for the Agentic Era
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  For organizations that need more than a platform, our Concierge Support team acts as an extension of your own, providing the strategic guidance and technical expertise to design, build, and implement transformative agentic solutions.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 [The Challenge Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Technology Alone Isn't Transformation
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Adopting agentic AI is not just about adding another app to your tech stack; it's a fundamental shift in how your business operates. The transition requires a unique blend of strategic foresight to identify the right opportunities, deep technical expertise to build the solutions, and a hands-on partnership to ensure successful implementation and adoption. Most organizations don't have this specialized, multi-disciplinary team in-house.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 [Our Solution: Your Embedded Team of Experts]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  We Become Your Agentic Operations Team
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Our Concierge service is a deep, hands-on partnership. We embed our team of expert engineers and strategists directly into your operations to accelerate your journey into the agentic era.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 (Four columns/icons)
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Design & Strategize:
\f3\b0  Our engagement begins with a deep-dive discovery process. We work alongside your leadership to map your unique challenges, identify the highest-value automation opportunities, and co-design a clear, phased roadmap for your agentic transformation.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Build & Implement:
\f3\b0  Our agentic engineers get to work building the custom solutions you need. This includes creating specialized agents, designing complex automated workflows, and configuring your Workspaces and Canvases for your specific operational needs.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integrate & Orchestrate:
\f3\b0  We handle the complexity of connecting our platform to your existing systems of record. We ensure a seamless flow of data, allowing your new agentic workflows to orchestrate your entire tech stack.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Support & Iterate:
\f3\b0  Our partnership doesn't end at launch. We provide ongoing support, monitor agent performance, and continuously work with you to identify new opportunities for optimization and automation as your business evolves.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 [Who This Is For Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  A Partnership for Ambitious Leaders
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Our Concierge service is designed for growth-oriented leaders who:
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Want to move quickly and capture a first-mover advantage in their industry.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Have complex, mission-critical workflows that require a bespoke, tailored solution.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prefer a strategic partner to act as their dedicated agentic implementation team.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Need to augment their existing team's capacity with specialized, hard-to-find talent.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 [CTA Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Ready to Build Your Agentic Future?
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  Let's discuss how our Concierge Support Team can help you achieve your goals.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Primary CTA:
\f3\b0  Speak With Our Team
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf0 Page 15: People - Embedded Experts
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 [Hero Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  On-Demand Expertise, Natively Integrated
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  Augment your team with world-class, on-demand subject matter experts. Our network of vetted specialists can be embedded directly into your Workspaces to solve specific challenges with precision and speed.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 [The Challenge Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  The Friction of Finding and Integrating Expertise
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Sometimes you don't need a full-time hire or a large consulting firm; you just need a few hours with a world-class expert. However, the process of finding, vetting, onboarding, and securely integrating external specialists for short-term engagements is filled with friction and security risks.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 [Our Solution: A Frictionless Flow of Knowledge]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  The Right Expert, in the Right Context, at the Right Time
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 The Elevation AI Expert Network removes the friction from sourcing specialized talent. Our experts are native to our platform, allowing them to be seamlessly and securely "parachuted" into your projects as needed.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 (Three columns/icons)
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Discover & Select:
\f3\b0  Browse our curated network of vetted experts across dozens of domains\'97from go-to-market strategy and legal review to financial modeling and cybersecurity.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Securely Embed:
\f3\b0  With one click, grant an expert temporary, secure access to a specific Workspace. They get the full context of the project's Knowledge Base without ever gaining access to your broader company universe.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Execute & Deliver:
\f3\b0  The expert collaborates with your team directly within your existing workflows, providing their insights where they're most valuable. When the engagement is complete, their access is cleanly revoked, and all the knowledge they created remains securely in your Knowledge Base.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 [Who This Is For Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Targeted Expertise for High-Stakes Moments
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Our Embedded Experts are ideal for teams who need:
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A senior-level sounding board for a key strategic decision.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Specialized expertise to unblock a critical phase of a project.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A fractional executive to fill a short-term leadership gap.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 An objective third-party review of a plan or document.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 [CTA Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Augment Your Team with On-Demand Talent
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  Explore our network of subject matter experts and see how they can help you solve your next big challenge.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Primary CTA:
\f3\b0  Explore the Expert Network
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf0 Page 16: People - Partner Network
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 [Hero Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Scale Your Execution with a Trusted Ecosystem of Specialized Firms
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  For large-scale initiatives, leverage our Partner Network\'97a curated ecosystem of specialized consulting firms and agencies that bring deep domain expertise and a full team of resources to solve your most complex challenges.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 [The Challenge Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  The Disconnect of Traditional Consulting
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Large-scale projects often require the horsepower of a dedicated consulting firm. However, traditional engagements can be disjointed. External firms often work in their own systems, leading to siloed communication, a painful knowledge transfer process at the end of the project, and a lack of real integration with your team.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 [Our Solution: A Natively Integrated Partnership]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  A New Model for Consulting Engagement
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Our Partner Network consists of leading, highly specialized consulting firms who are experts on the Elevation AI platform. This creates a fundamentally better engagement model, providing a level of integrated expertise that a single expert cannot offer.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 (Three columns/icons)
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A Unified Workspace:
\f3\b0  Instead of working in separate systems, our partners embed directly into your Elevation AI Workspaces. This creates a single, shared environment for all communication, deliverables, and project management, providing you with unprecedented transparency.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No Lost Knowledge:
\f3\b0  Because the entire engagement happens on your platform, all of the work product, research, and strategic insights generated by the consulting team are automatically captured in your private Knowledge Base. When the project ends, the knowledge stays with you.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Accelerated Execution:
\f3\b0  Our partners leverage our platform's library of pre-built agents and workflows to deliver results faster. They spend less time on manual data gathering and more time on high-value strategic work, resulting in a more efficient and impactful engagement.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 [Who This Is For Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Strategic Horsepower for Your Biggest Initiatives
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Our Partner Network is ideal for organizations undertaking:
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Large-scale digital or agentic transformation projects.\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Post-merger integration for a newly acquired company.\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The rollout of a new product or entry into a new market.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A comprehensive operational overhaul to prepare for an exit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 [CTA Section]
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Headline:
\f3\b0  Find the Right Partner for Your Next Big Move
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sub-headline:
\f3\b0  Discover our ecosystem of trusted consulting firms and agencies.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Primary CTA:
\f3\b0  Meet Our Partners}